yeah what is going on guys my name is
Johnny I'm coming up to date with
another no it's not called G ah be far
right ok we're coming up today with
another fifa 15 video and today it's
going to be an ultimate team coin clutch
a way to increase your cling tightly by
quite a considerable amount if you add
up all the things that you can do with
it ok so to start off if you've got to
go into a kickoff match which once
you've done all the download updates and
all that match d is not needed them and
also it doesn't matter what team you
pick because I just patch Elsa because I
support them and planning it's like
football because i don't like them that
pretty much sums up so the next but here
is the important part of all of it so
you can put the difficulty level or ray
up to the maximum which is legendary but
it can go up to ultimate on the ultimate
team you want to scroll over to the cpu
customization and you want to put the
sprint speed acceleration short speed
and power speed all the way down to zero
remember CPU is for the computer and not
for yourselves and what you want to do
with a shredder and the pass header is
put it ray up to maximum this will make
sure that they cannot actually sure if
they just decide you know i guess i'll
just have a shot and they score from it
and you blow out where no I doesn't
happen ok so well I'm doing this well
I'll be telling you is things that you
can do with the coin glitch basically
don't go online that's it maintaining
don't go go online if you go online
you're at walmart as simple as that also
you should do this every time you start
up pfft and you want to do this and if
you add on your if you go to the catalog
in the e EA sports store you can add on
the coin list as well if you want sort
to you so what you want to do is you go
into the tournaments or seasons offline
you can do the e challenges the EA
Sports challenges the one right now it's
Manchester say vs borussia dortmund
where you get a panel in the last minute
with Balotelli and you've got to score
that and then keep a hold of it as you
can see here with user version which is
you and you just do the office of what
I've just done with a cpu
yes or you can do that with a year
sports thing you can challenge team of
the week at the highest level which is
ultimately you give one one thousand
coins which you can get up as well and
the tournament's you can just do any
terminally that you can if you get the
requirement tree you can seal through
all of them put their difficulty up at
the highest and get the extra coins from
the modifier or the difficulty level and
you can do the head head seasons which
you can train when all the way up to the
championship bonus and get there the
extra points there so I'm gonna show you
rate the boat here once i get rid of
this tourist thing he hits the crossbar
by the way nothing different or do i get
rid of it go get rid of it now keypad
just the show home and seen on top
living he has hitting the crossbar
anyway yet so what could be the don't
say to this thing well i'm not sure yet
but it would probably be contracts and
fitness now fortunately for me I've got
lots of players in the club right now so
I can just open any random player I
might want to use for seven games at the
floor and in a little bit embed 21 and
either put them on a trade bell and sell
them on or I saw one I could just keep
them a quick sell them you'll see
whatever or what to do is paint and then
here comes ago from the mikkel but King
a bag like we belong start off here um
this frame are simple watches that are
going which is good celebration because
you're mentally because
and then leave the game chance to kick
off another thing is i would recommend
doing this on a second account where you
could just easily transfer the coins
from one account to another account go
so this way you are probably less likely
to get banned on your main account ffs
of course you know they did it feel that
at once a ban but if it doesn't well you
can do on your first account but you're
you're most like keeping yourself safe
if you do on your second echo anyway so
now that you've done that all you need
to jump on to ultimate team and go
anything you've got I've just got a
regular of the default more like the
star team that you get I'm actually at
four queens and mid fuel which give me
any sort of getting bar across the
middle which is not so common when you
start up a level that's just people
irrelevant and shut up now okay so I do
x go into the final that I'm just gonna
put Eddie tournament all do this one
because it doesn't need any requirements
they're doing in five excuse me and then
why not what I'll do is get back already
Roxy right so you just do it as normal
different plate match and yell you is my
crappy kudiyan / whether random players
I've got things and here's a little
question for you what there and play out
you could play on for when you play with
the imagine like watching my call on the
football eat on FIFA i play on alternate
just because i used to play pairs all up
so i just prefer to just play with the
squares my shirt and I'm supposing
across
other my father seemed happy I'm just
gonna quickly go ahead and show you a
year already scored two goals gonna show
you how it works and actually faster you
couldn't do that just any regular boys
clothes well yes well you can join us
feel charity and leave already whatever
you want to do it's kind of some guys my
name for Johnny I'll see you guys there
getting the girls to emphasize